Run around outside yelling, “I have lice!”
Go on Facebook Live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Call a 7-Eleven and ask if they’re open.
Stand in the back yard and yell at the top of your lungs, “Nooooo! I was adopted!”
Go outside in the driveway and do the disco without music.
Call a car part store and tell them that you need a part for your Model T.
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online.
Sniff everyone’s feet and rank them in order of freshest to stinkiest.
Call a NY-style pizza place and ask them what the difference is between NY pizza and “real” pizza.
Open your front door and loudly sing “Hallelujah!”
Go outside and pretend you're cutting the grass with an invisible mower.
Call a pizza place and ask if they use cruelty-free wheat in their dough.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a girlfriend in a very panicked voice.
Take a plate of leftovers over to your neighbor, knock on their door, and say, "Welcome to the neighborhood" as if you'd never known them before.
Wear your underwear over your pants for the rest of the game.
Call the library and ask if they carry a dictionary that translates British to American.
Send a Snapchat of you pretending to cry because you just found out you were adopted.
Go on Facebook and write "How do you spell "facebook"?" as your status.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Go outside and hug a mailbox until at least three passersby have seen you.
Go outside and try to summon the rain.
Pick the nose of the person next to you.
Sing the Star-Spangled Banner in a British accent.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Call a random number, and when someone picks up, immediately start singing the National Anthem.
Call Target and ask them if they deliver popcorn.
Call MacDonald's and ask if they sell Whoppers.
Call a pizza shop and ask if you can return a pizza.
Call a car dealership and ask if they have any horse buggies in stock.
Text someone “hey.” Every time they respond, say, “hey.” Do this ten times and on the eleventh, reply with “hi.”
Change your relationship status on Facebook to "it's complicated."
Call Macy's and tell them you're interested in buying them.
Everything you say for the rest of the game has to rhyme.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Call a random number and sing "Happy Birthday."
Call a Chinese restaurant and ask if they have sushi.
Give yourself a 10-second manicure. Every nail must be painted.
Brush the teeth of the person sitting next to you.
Text your crush and tell him you love him.
Call a random number and try to flirt with the person who picks up.
Stuff ice inside your bra and leave it there for 60 seconds.
Let everyone rummage through your purse.
Post a really long and serious Facebook status confessing your love for chocolate.
Take your bra off under your shirt and don't put it back on until the end of the game.
Do 10 pushups.
Run around the house with a pair of underwear on your head.
Soak a shirt in water, put in the fridge for 20 minutes, and then wear it.
Use three items in the fridge as lotion.
Let the person to your left do your makeup.
Call a guy of the group's choosing and tell him he's the ugliest person you've ever met.
Dip your finger in the toilet, and then kiss that finger.
Lick a doorknob.
Be blindfolded for the rest of the game.
Let each person in the group crack an egg on your head.
Sing everything you say for the rest of the game.
Twerk to an NSYNC song.
Dip a toothbrush into the toilet water and brush your teeth with it.
Let people throw food at you.
Rub mayonnaise in your hair and leave it on for the rest of the game.
Trade clothes with the person next to you.
Blindfold someone and have them kiss three objects.
Get on your knees and walk like that until the end of the game.
Silently do the macarena.
Give yourself a permanent marker mustache.
Shave one of your arms.
Hold your nose while talking.
Make a hand puppet by drawing a face on your hand, and use your hand to say what you want to say.
Give everyone in the room a hug.
Do as many squats as you can. On the front lawn.
Go outside and hug a tree.
Sing the “I Love You” Barney song.
Eat an ant.
Attempt to breakdance.
Do the worm.
Have a full conversation with yourself in a mirror.
Put your shoes on the wrong feet and keep them there.
Do a hula dance.
Lick the wall.
Make a silly face and keep it that way until the next round.
Sing like an opera singer.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your clothes.
Sing the chorus of your favorite song.
For the next 15 minutes, everything you say must be spoken in baby talk.
Put hot sauce on ice cream and eat it.
Kneel for an hour.
Admit on Facebook that you still wear a training bra.
Let someone in the group cut a piece of your hair.
Do 50 situps.
Call Walmart and ask if they do makeovers for prom.
Call a tattoo shop and ask if they can tattoo 30 teardrops on your face.
Let someone wax your back.
Run down the street with a wet T-shirt on.
Move across the floor using on your hands.
Film a makeup tutorial and post it to Facebook.
Drink water straight from a running faucet for a whole minute.
Tweet or update your Facebook status to "I think eggplants are sexy."
Draw a tattoo with marker on your bicep.
Give yourself a mohawk.
Shave off all the hair on one leg.
Put all of your clothes on backward.
Hold hands with the person next to you.
Let everyone look through your search history for 2 minutes.
Send a romantic text message to a girl of the group's choosing.
Wear lipstick for the rest of the game.
Eat 10 Oreo cookies that are filled with mayo.
Pluck a single nose hair.
Eat a spoonful of wasabi.
Exchange shirts with the player to your right.
Lick peanut butter off of someone's armpit.
Kiss the person to your right on the back of their neck.
Eat a handful of uncooked rice.
Call a random guy and flirt with him in a girly voice.
Lick the toilet seat.
Tie your shirt up to expose your midriff and twerk.
Take a picture of yourself next to bra and post in on Instagram.
Write on Facebook: "I'm a size 36 C."
Color your teeth with lipstick.
Wear women's clothing and walk down the street. Then, take a selfie and post it to your social media accounts.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Knock on your neighbor's door and ask if they have a spare condom.
Wet your socks and freeze them.
Coat your hands in food coloring and don’t wash them off for 10 minutes.
Post something embarrassing on Facebook for 1 minute, then delete it.
Skype/FaceTime someone and pick your nose during the conversation.
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
For the rest of the game, you can't say "I."
Walk like a crab for the rest of the game.
Cover your whole face in blush.
Eat a spoonful of sugar and act like you're really hyper.
Call a random girl from your class and tell her you want to break up.
Drink a soda and belch as loud as possible.
Mix orange juice and milk and drink it.
Bite all of your toenails off.
Put on mascara.
Snapchat a picture of your elbow and caption it: "My favorite part of my body."
Make up a wrap about koalas.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce without drinking anything after.

Tape your mouth shut.
Read two paragraphs from a book of someone’s choice.
Take embarrassing pictures and Snapchat them to people.
Use your feet as your hands, picking up anything you need with your toes.
Lick a dog or cat treat and pretend to thoroughly enjoy it.
Lay on the floor and act like a piece of frying bacon.
Stick your bare foot in the toilet for a minute.
Suck your big toe.
Remove your underwear and throw them in the garbage.
Chug a cup of milk.
Make fart noises with your armpit.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Eat a mouthful of raw pasta.
Crack an egg over your head.
Smear peanut butter all over your face for a 30-minute facial.
Hop on one foot wherever you have to go.
Do 20 pushups.
Make yourself a diaper out of a dishtowel and wear it outside your clothes.
Make a hat out of foil and wear it.
Cry like a baby for one full minute.
Build a pillow fort and sit in it.
Make a mask on your face using wet toilet paper.
Talk like a robot.
Act like Elvis.
Let the person next to you wax you wherever they want.
Sniff another player’s armpit for 10 seconds.
Give your phone to another player to send a text message to their contact of choice.
Let the other players go through your phone for a minute.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Let another player throw flour in your face.
Sing a song chosen by the group while eating spoonfuls of peanut butter.
Close your eyes and let your friends put whatever food from the fridge they want in your mouth.
One by one, make up a title for each player's movie about their life.
Let your friends pose you and stay like that until the next round.
Let each player choose one word, then attempt to form a sentence with it and post it to Facebook.
Empty your purse, backpack, or wallet and let everyone see what you have.
Allow the person to your right to tickle you.
Whoever's name begins with an A in the group must call your parents and tell them what a bad friend you are to them.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Do your best impression of someone in the room and keep going until someone correctly guesses who it is.
Be blindfolded and let someone feed you something.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone's toe.
Someone has to dip their finger in the trash can, and you have to lick it.
Go to the bathroom, and the person to your left has to be in there with you the whole time.
Trade socks with the person to your right.
Have the person to your right do 10 squats while you lie underneath them.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Hold hands with the person to your left for the rest of the game.
Hand your phone to the person across from you and let them post whatever they want to your social media accounts.
Take the socks off the person’s feet across from you and wear them like gloves until your next turn.
Serenade the person next to you.
Take a selfie with the person next to you, and post it on social media along with a deep and emotional paragraph about what they mean to you.
Let the person across from you give you a wedgie.
Eat a single spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp with the person to your left.